---
title:  "Updates"
date:   2025-11-15 12:00:00-0000
categories: my-games development games devlog life
excerpt: Life gets in the way
---

Hey everyone!

Just wanting to give an update on what's happening.

So, basically, there's not really much to show about Growing Horrors because I hadn't had much time to work on it. For one, I'm trying to finish Waving Around so I can stop worrying about it. But also, I got contacted by an ex-boss of mine to work on a small freelance project, and I thought it would be interesting since it sounded pretty easy and it would be nice to have some extra money for this end of the year, so that's what I've been mostly working on.

Well, mostly.

You see, while working on Growing Horrors, I decided to turn some of my old code into Unity packages so I can import them more easily in the future, so I started going through my old projects looking for systems that I could turn into packages, and I  found some useful code there, but some things I had to update to make it a proper, self-contained package.

The thing is, one of these was a card-game system I once did for a Game Jam, which was very pleasant to see and intereact, so I started to refactor it a bit to turn it into a package, and while refactoring I started adding some new features, and I kept adding and adding... And then, I remembered I had this idea for a small card-game in my backlog that I never really tried to do, and I thought "What if I use this idea as a way to figure out what features I should add?". And then... Yeah, I kinda started developing this game in my spare time...

So, between Waving Around, the freelance and this card-game, I haven't had much time to work on Growing Horrors. And I now what you're thinking: "The classic 'dropping one idea for another' that all developers go through", and in a way, yeah, you're right. But also, since the scope of this card-game is much smaller than both Growing Horrors and Waving Around, I actually advanced quite a lot in a single month, and my plan for it is to make a small prototype by the end of the year and make some friends playtest it to see if there's any potential there and see if it's worth pursuing it further.

My overall plan is to finish Waving Around before the end of the year so I can release it in January. By the end of January, the freenlance should also be done (unless they ask me more stuff, but I'm free to decline if I want), which should give me my freetime back to work on Growing Horrors. If this card-game shows potential, I might freeze GH development a bit, or at least slow it down and try to make take a couple of months to finish the card-game. Like I said, the scope is MUCH smaller, so I think I can probably finish it in a couple of months (or around 6 months, because experience teached me to triple the estimated time).

Not sure if I ever told you guys about this, but we did calculate the expected development time for GH and it was sitting between 1.5-3 years, and that's considering a team of 5 people, so since I'm not getting payed to develop GH, if I can take 6 months to release a different game, I probably will do it. I mean, maybe it'll generate enough money for me to actually pay for 5 people to hel me create GH.

Anyway, that's it for an update. if I get some positive feedback on this card-game, next time I might give some more info about it, otherwise I'll do a small dive in the systems I usually use for my games, including some of these systems I've recycled into packages.
